hello and welcome to another bad company
news update May 2010 Matt Kemp we have
produced some championship fight is like
Liam Harrison and the housing Richard
Cadden James France and not forgetting
world champion Lisa Holland Smith with
new and upcoming styles Razzie quickly
like Luke Turner who we have the chance
to interview in our last news update we
take a look at another rising star
he is the UK featherweight number one
champion Davey Mac David Mack is an
experienced fighter and has been with
bad company for nearly two years and we
managed to get an exclusive interview
with him just after winning the title
so there's been a year Marlys the
negations of last senior the last time I
saw you fight was the eastern pasture
correct yeah that was a tail end owashi
on November 20th November yeah a hard
time fate against Steve m'lady top top
Irish freighter speak more through the
top guys in your case it's a a big one
for me sensei and a hot the WP MF
European champion Chuck and France I
higher weights XD kilos and a for our
John deck he's been UK number one for a
couple of years he's also fought a lot
of good guys get a lot of good guys I
thought on my pet are the banks when
Scotland played of Scotland and I won in
point so that's mean you know UK number
one hit favorite two years I've been
here I think I maybe had may not turn
face and I won them all apart from that
one in France just joining me guys at
Liam and Andi and James France and
obviously wretchedly coach it's you you
can't not improve to bonus for hopefully
defending our number one spa and I'm
getting some European face and just just
keep piercing keep getting better okay
thanks
and you can see David Mac defending his
title on Saturday the 26th of June are
the next part company showed at least
Town Hall another top rising star from
Bad Company is Jordan Watson he recently
took on the two times came on maps
champion Borkar Parimal and is spreading
Ethel of performance was sadly lost in
points this could have gone either way
what a shot
look out for an exclusive interview of
Jordan on the next that contain a DVD
well we hope you enjoy the news update
keep checking back companies website for
open coming future events see you next
time